Apply architecture feedback (#3447)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/architecture/parts.md

When {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="machine" text="smart machines" >}} communicate with each other, they can share resources and operate collaboratively.
This document explains how to establish secure connections between machines.

## Machine parts

Machines are organized into _parts_, where each part represents a computer (a single-board computer, desktop, laptop, or other computer) running [`viam-server`](/installation/), the hardware [components](/components/) attached to it, and any [services](/services/) or other {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resources" >}} running on it.

Every smart machine has a main part which is automatically created when you create the machine.
Multi-part machines also have one or more _sub-parts_ representing additional computers running `viam-server`.

> There are two ways to link machine parts, depending on whether you want to think of your parts as all part of one machine, or be able to share resources across multiple machines:

Reviewer: I think this change makes it more confusing to me. I think either stick with how it was and explain the rest as it is in the bullets or maybe something like this?

```suggestion
You can think of parts as machine parts that together make up a whole machine where each part can also be shared as a resource across multiple machines:
```

Author: What I was trying to get across is that you could just use remotes for all cases, but making a multi-part machine is just kind of an organizational concept.

Author: ```suggestion
There are two ways to link machine parts:
```

- **Sub-part**: If you have multiple computers within the _same machine_, use one as the main part and [connect each additional part to it as a sub-part](#configure-a-sub-part).
  Any given part can only be a sub-part of one main part.

  <details>
    <summary>Click for an example.</summary>
   Imagine you have a system of five cameras in different places along an assembly line, each attached to its own single-board computer, and you want to run an object detector on the streams from all of them.
   You have one main computer with greater compute power set up as the main part.
   You set up each of the single-board computers as a sub-part.
   This allows the main part to access all the camera streams and run object detection on all of them.<br><br>

>    You could also set this up with each single-board computer being a remote part instead of a sub-part, but if you consider them all to be part of one system, it can be easier to configure the connections this way.

Reviewer: what does "can be easier" mean - is it easier? do you have to do less? That needs to be clearer

Author: It is ever so slightly easier:

```suggestion
   You could also set this up with each single-board computer being a remote part instead of a sub-part, but it is slightly easier to configure sub-parts because you do not need to add the address of each part to your machine's config.
   Additionally, configuring a discrete system of parts as one multi-part machine helps keep your fleet more clearly organized in the Viam app.
```

Reviewer: yeah that is better
